Add support for LT8491 (#2330)
analogdevicesinc/no-OS: projects/dc2703a/README.rst

Evaluating the LT8491
=======================

.. contents::
	:depth: 3

Supported Evaluation Boards
---------------------------

* `DC2703A <https://www.analog.com/en/resources/evaluation-hardware-and-software/evaluation-boards-kits/dc2703a-a.html>`_

Overview
--------

> The DC2703A-A-KIT contains the DC2703A (LT8491 demo board) and DC1613A
> (USB-to-I2C controller). Together they provide a high performance buck-boost
> battery charger converter with an I2C interface. The LT8491 implements a maximum
> power point tracking (MPPT) function and flexible charging profiles, suitable
> for most battery types such as flooded and sealed lead  acid batteries and
> Li-Ion batteries.

Author: Will this suffice?
```suggestion
The DC2703A-A-KIT houses the DC2703A (LT8491 demo board). They provide a high
performance buck-boost battery charger converter with an I2C interface for a
microcontroller host. The LT8491 implements a maximum power point tracking
(MPPT) function and flexible charging profiles, suitable for most battery types
such as flooded and sealed lead acid batteries and Li-Ion batteries.
```
